In the loft is the Santa Claus - why is he sitting there?
When it is down 'in the living room all the real fun happens?
A nursing life is too predictable and sad,
even Santa Claus looks like a tourist!
The gentle Christmas tones, and cake men and wives
are old traditions,
But why should Christmas always look like the one we last had?
I want it in - song in it - more ramasjang and twenty and bang in it.
Out with pixie-hops, out with nettle beer, out with cousin - they're all full of moths!
For my sake ka 'in distant boat' Christmas tree and star -
I want it in - sound in it - more party and colors the day long, in it.
Why do you get bored because it's Christmas? Do like me - make Christmas cooler!
A little Santa raised - yes, but where did the trip go? We giggles always go out and come home again.
Why is the hat red when it can be violet? And why is that tip when it can be a cap?
For my sake ka 'in distant boat' Christmas tree and star -
it 'hopelessly outdated, no, i'd like to hear bold music and dance close!
I want it in - song in it - more ramasjang and twenty and bang in it.
Out with pixie-hops, out with nettle beer, out with cousin - they're all full of moths!
I want it in - sound in it - more party and colors the day long, in it.
Why do you get bored because it's Christmas? Make Lissom Like Me - Make Christmas Cooler!
The Christmas we have today kicks off too low a gear - I press the nail all the way while I say:
I want it in - song in it - more ramasjang and twenty and bang in it.
Out with pixie-hops, out with nettle beer, out with cousin - they're all full of moths!
I want it in - sound in it - more party and colors the day long, in it.
Why do you get bored because it's Christmas? Do I LOVE - Make Christmas More Cool - Yearh!